alright so what I have here is my axe
can penny stove and pretty cold out
today about 17 degrees so I wanted to
try it out in some cold weather and see
how it works before go camping in a
little bit so here it is I have 30
milliliters of heat that I measured out
just with a tablespoon that's two
tablespoons and then I've also got eight
ounces of water s been sitting out here
for a while the boil to do the boil test
and so I'm just going to time and see
how long he takes ago and I'm going to
put a little bit of priming fluid in
here a little priming pan and we'll get
it going
yeah works the way of his new title done
nope hell yeah so there we go got going
pretty good get it started
almost there
and there we go Oh rolling boil about 5
minutes 10 15 seconds there you go so
looks like this one pretty good I'm
gonna keep it on here and just see how
long this will burn for but looks like I
don't even need 30 milliliters of heat
and now to get water to boil so I'm good
news it is work good for my camping trip
you
so here we are at 18 and a half minutes
and we're still steaming not really
boiling but a musici you still got some
flame down there so this will definitely
keep here food warm your water boiling
for at least in or 18 18 minutes see
mostly starting to go out just barely
lit oh there we go and the last one and
are out at 19 minutes so I think that's
pretty good burn on you know a very
little amount of fuel so hope you
enjoyed it all try and post or share
with you where I found how to build this
if you're interested and how to build
the pots pretty good system i like it so
I hope y'all enjoy and yeah subscribing
like below please